Add GEMD docs glossary (#57)
CitrineInformatics/taurus-documentation: docs/glossary.md

# Glossary

### Attribute
A characteristic of a material, process, or measurement. Attributes can be a GEMD property, condition, or parameter.

### Attribute Template

> Attribute templates define a domain concept (e.g. density, yield strength), and include bounds to define acceptable values for a given attribute.

Author: I feel like the glossary needs to be more conceptual than structural (e.g. these objects link together in these specific ways), but this doc is a little half and half at the moment. Thoughts?

Reviewer: All of these terms should already exist within the broader document, and all of the linking is defined in that.  I'd think this should be super succinct and have linking into the deeper descriptions.  Which I think is saying I agree with you.

Author: For time-boxing sake, what would you think about the following acceptance criteria:
 pass 1: glossary without examples or hrefs to the docs
 pass 2: glossary with consistent contextual examples (call out boxes? something nice?)
 pass 3: hrefs to docs: I'm a bit  hesitant to do this because of the maintenance overhead.

Author: Also I asked stable diffusion to make me an image of "time-boxing":
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/117872475/218852117-e6398f06-d776-4ead-8a9a-6755a3737392.png)

### Bounds
Bounds are used in Object and Attribute templates. Object templates define the least constrained bounds, and attribute templates can constrain bounds to a tighter range or set.  Bounds may be real or categorical.

### Categorical Bounds
Bounds that are defined by a list of categories.

### Condition Attribute
Environmental variables (typically measured) that may affect a process or measurement, such as temperature or pressure.

### Conditions

> Environmental aspects of a process or measurement.

Reviewer: Why both?

Author: Hm I'm not sure I follow here, I'm looking at 

> Conditions are the environmental variables (typically measured) that may affect a process or measurement: e.g. Temperature, Pressure.
 from https://citrineinformatics.github.io/gemd-docs/specification/attributes/#property-condition-parameter
 
 what nuance am I missing?

Author: Ohh I see, the condition vs condition attribute. I agree, I'll axe conditions 👍

# Glossary

### Attribute

> A characteristic of a material, process, or measurement. Attributes can be a GEMD property, condition, or parameter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A characteristic of a material, process, or measurement. Attributes can be a GEMD property, condition, or parameter and contain a value.
```

### Attribute Template
Attribute templates define a domain concept (e.g. density, yield strength), and include bounds to define acceptable values for a given attribute.

### Bounds

> Bounds are used in object and attribute templates. Object templates define the widest bounds, and attribute templates bounds further constrain values to a tighter range or set.  Bounds may be real or categorical.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Bounds are used in object and attribute templates. An attribute template will have the widest bounds, and an object template can restrict them.  For example, the temperatures in casting will always be higher than the temperatures for annealing.  Each value type (e.g., real, categorical) has a corresponding type of bounds.
```

A  data object that annotates a material with information related to its usage in a process. Ingredient objects are used define how much of a material is used in a new process. Note that 'ingredient' and 'material' object definitions are not interchangeable.

### Material Object
GEMD data object that describes a physical substance that is generated by a process and is characterized by its properties. GEMD does not allow material objects to exist in isolation, since fully describing a material data point requires, at minimum, identifying how the material was procured.  

### Material Run
An actual instance of a material.

### Material Spec
Material spec objects are used to integrate information from external references, typically a data sheet. Reference information
is optionally encoded via PropertyAndCondition attributes. 

### Material Template
Define how to validate any PropertyAndConditions attributes, if they exist on a linked material spec. 

### Measurement Object
A data object used to describe an operation that measures or characterizes properties of a material.

### Measurement Run
A recorded measurement for a specific material run object.

### Measurement Spec

> Defines the intent for how a measurement should be performed, including any parameters and conditions. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defines the experimental design or standard operating procedure for a measurement, including any parameters and conditions. 
```

### Measurement Template

> Defines the widest set of allowable bounds for associated conditions, parameters and properties. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Defines which conditions, parameters and properties are expected for a class of experimental measurements. 
```

### Nominal Real Value

> A value type in which the value is recorded as a specific number, with no information about the uncertainty of that number.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A value type in which the value is recorded as a specific number with a unit, with no information about the uncertainty of that number.
```

Do we want to include all Value types?  There's no discussion of composition, categorical, integer, or molecular structure value types.
